- I think we have already passed here ...
- Personally, I do not remember these places
And in general, it seems to me that the whole world appears under our feet.
It's all your fault!
If we didn’t run after that dude to the mountains, we would have been home a long time ago.
- Damn it, we have been wandering for half a year already ...
- Never mind.
Did you notice anything strange while we were walking here?
- Nope.
- But now I see that this clearing is very good for the house.
- Wait a minute!
- Do you really want to just take it and build a house?
- Well ...
- Yes... ?
- You see, a lot of water has flowed under the bridge since we built the last house.
Have you seen how everything has changed?
The northern regions are covered with snow,
somewhere a desert has formed
and now we are standing in the middle of a wild forest
Previously, we could build at random, but now, we simply cannot act without a plan!
Therefore, hold the paper and draw a plan of the house.
- Hmm.
Then we will need more time ...
It is necessary to consider the location of resources, future extensions, resistance to cracking, visibility from the side ...
“And we will need to cut a couple of trees.”
- Well, or you can take out that house for an indefinite, unpaid rent.
- Yes of course! Just wear my ninja costume!
- This is not needed.
Just distract the owner, and I will climb over the wall and hang my lock on the door.
- That sounds silly ... but ... why not?
- For the cause!
- Hey, man!
I'm friends!
- Okay.
But still do not come to the house.
- Um. I wanted to ask you ... a ...
... what is this dog statue?
- Would you leave here, man.
- Well, now we have all the main things!
- Yes!
And that means we're back in business!
- Do you want to revenge your offenders?